Add new login backend (#437)
T-Systems-MMS/phonebook: docs/pages/development-guides/backend/login/login.md

> ---

Reviewer: but @paule96 isn't this the wron pr for updating docs :P

Author: No because it's to that topic. It's the same scope.

layout: default
title: Login Backend
has_parent: true
parent: Backend
grand_parent: Development Guides
permalink: /pages/development-guides/backend/login
nav_order: 100
---

# Login Backend

- [Login Backend](#login-backend)
  - [Build & Run](#build--run)
    - [Prequest](#prequest)
    - [Build](#build)
    - [Run](#run)
  - [Authentication flow](#authentication-flow)

> > This document refers to the code under `Phonebook.Backend\Phonebook.Backend.Login`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This document refers to the code in `Phonebook.Backend\Phonebook.Backend.Login`
```

## Build & Run

### Prequest

> To build & run this backend you need the dotnet core SDK installed in version 3.1 or higher. The latest version can be found [here](dot.net).

Reviewer: dotNET ! :P

Reviewer: after backend there need to be a ','

> To build & run this backend you need the dotnet core SDK installed in version 3.1 or higher. The latest version can be found [here](dot.net).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build and run the backend you need the **dotnet core SDK** installed in version 3.1 or higher. The latest version can be found [here](dot.net).
```

> Also you need VSCode. I also recommend to install the [C# Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.csharp) from Microsoft. This helps with IntelliSense and live error checking. Also I recommand the use of [IntelliCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioExptTeam.vscodeintellicode), this helps to write better code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You also need VSCode. It's recommend to install the [C# Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.csharp) from Microsoft. This helps with IntelliSense and live error checking. The use of [IntelliCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioExptTeam.vscodeintellicode) is also recommended. This helps to write better code.
```

### Build

> In vscode simply run the task `build Backend.Login`. If you want build this with the command line you must navigate to the `Phonebook.Backend\Phonebook.Backend.Login` and run the command `dotnet build`.

Reviewer: VSCode

Reviewer: If you want, build ...

> In vscode simply run the task `build Backend.Login`. If you want build this with the command line you must navigate to the `Phonebook.Backend\Phonebook.Backend.Login` and run the command `dotnet build`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In VSCode simply run the task `build Backend.Login`. If you want to build this with the command line, you have to navigate to `Phonebook.Backend\Phonebook.Backend.Login` and run the command `dotnet build`.
```

### Run

> Before you can run the login backend the first time you must set some secrets. These secrets describe the connection and the trust between the identity provider and the login server. (See more in the [flow documentation](#authentication-flow))

Reviewer: for the first time,

Reviewer 3: use the github suggestion feature. It makes it a lot easier!
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13590797/70235534-6c09bc80-1763-11ea-9d7f-9c6183a5ff5a.png)

> Before you can run the login backend the first time you must set some secrets. These secrets describe the connection and the trust between the identity provider and the login server. (See more in the [flow documentation](#authentication-flow))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you can run the login backend for the first time you have to set some secrets. These secrets describe the connection and the trust between the identity provider and the login server. (See more inside the [flow documentation](#authentication-flow))
```

| secret name                 | description                                                                                                                               | sample                                                                                                                          |
| --------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `wsfed:MetadataAddress`       | This is the URL to the WsFederation metadata XML. In this document are all important properties of the identity provider defined          | In Azure AD it looks like this: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenant-id}/federationmetadata/2007-06/federationmetadata.xml` |

> | `wsfed:ApplicationIdentifier` | The ApplicationId or also know as ClientId in the Identity Provider. This makes the appicaiton defintion in the Identity Provider unique. | 63d78047-cd41-4480-bd61-6ba21522503d                                                                                            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `wsfed:ApplicationIdentifier` | The ApplicationId, also known as ClientId, in the Identity Provider. This makes the application definition in the Identity Provider unique. | 63d78047-cd41-4480-bd61-6ba21522503d                                                                                            |
```

> | `wsfeed:FrontendProxyDomain`  | That is the domain, the authentication flow redirects after a successful authentication.                                                  | demo-phonebook.me                                                                                                               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `wsfeed:FrontendProxyDomain`  | This is the domain to which the authentication flow redirects after a successful authentication.                                                  | demo-phonebook.me                                                                                                               |
```

> Information: If you aren't shure what you are doing please read [this document](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/security/authentication/ws-federation?view=aspnetcore-3.1) first!

> You can set secrets with the following command, in the dictionary `Phonebook.Backend\Phonebook.Backend.Login`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set secrets in the dictionary with the following command: `Phonebook.Backend\Phonebook.Backend.Login`:
```

```bash
dotnet user-secrets set {name} {value}
```

> After you have defined all secrets you can start the login backend in vscode with the launch settings `Backend.Login .NET Core Launch (web)` or on the command line with `dotnet run`. (make sure you are in the right folder for the command line stuff.)

Reviewer: VSCode

> After you have defined all secrets you can start the login backend in vscode with the launch settings `Backend.Login .NET Core Launch (web)` or on the command line with `dotnet run`. (make sure you are in the right folder for the command line stuff.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you have defined all secrets you can start the login backend in VSCode with the launch settings `Backend.Login .NET Core Launch (web)` or with the command line with `dotnet run` . 
> Make sure that you are in the right folder for the command line stuff.
```
